Hi, and welcome to this video
on Challenging English sounds.
In this lecture,
we're going to take a look at a pair
of challenging English sounds.
They are /ae/, as in "man",
/e/ as in "men".
These vowel sounds are problematic for
speakers of German, French, and Chinese.
For example, French speakers may find it
difficult to distinguish the difference
between pat, the /ae/ sound,
and pet, the /e/ sound.
To make the /ae/ sound, keep your tongue
low, slightly open your mouth, and
keep your jaw open like this, /ae/.
Take a few moments to
watch this animation,
which will show you how
to make the /ae/ sound.
>> /ae/, /ae/.
Okay, let's practice the /ae/
sound by repeating these words,
ad, man, than, mat hat, plan.
Now for the /e/ sound.
Do everything the same.
But close your jaw like this.
/e/.
Take a few moments to watch this
animation which will show you how to make
the /e/ sound.
>> /e/.
/e/.
Now, repeat these words, bet, men,
then, met,
bread, pen.
Great, let's do a quick recap.
We worked on the /ae/,
as in "man" sound, /e/, as in "men".
Remember that these sounds are often
commonly confused, but with time and
practice on them, your pronunciation and
speaking should improve.
You can also practice other challenging
English sounds throughout this course and
specialization.
Thanks very much for watching.